Refactor umuldw API (#624)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/ops/umuldw/docs/repl.txt

    > var v = {{alias}}( 1, 10 )
    [ 0, 10 ]

{{alias}}.assign( a, b, out, stride, offset )

>     Multiplies two unsigned 32-bit integers and returns an array of two unsigned
>     32-bit integers which represents the unsigned 64-bit integer product and
>     assigns results to a provided output array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Multiplies two unsigned 32-bit integers and assigns results representing the unsigned 64-bit integer product to a provided output array.
```

Needs to be rewrapped.
